---
layout: post
author: admin
title: Call for Bids GWC2016
---

|                                                                    |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Invitation for Bids to Host the Global Wordnet Conference 2016** |

 

The Global Wordnet Association welcomes bids for the organization of the
8th Global Wordnet Conference in 2016. The **deadline for proposals** to
host the 2016 GWC is October 1st, 2014. Bids will be considered and a
decision will me made by the GWA Board and announced on November 1st,
2014. Proposal need to be send to [Christiane
Fellbaum](mailto:fellbaum@princeton.edu) (fellbaum@princeton.edu) or
[Piek Vossen](mailto:piek.vossen@vu.nl) (piek.vossen@vu.nl). Proposals
must consider and, where appropriate, address the following criteria:

-   Expected size: 70-100 people
-   Logistics
    1.  Convenient and reasonably priced international flight
        connections
    2.  Inexpensive lodging for participants on small budgets
-   Date
    1.  Separate from other major conferences (ACL, Coling, LREC, etc.)
    2.  Projected date: End of January 2016
    3.  conference length of 4 -5 days
    4.  Proceedings must get an ISBN number and must be freely
        downloadable from the GWA website
-   Budget and Fees (this is a model; variations can be proposed and
    discussed)
    -   Participants fees cover

        1.  proceedings (electronic & ISBN)
        2.  coffee breaks
        3.  local transport from hotel pick-up points to conference
        4.  GWA registration (incl. required membership for two years)

        Note that the GWA membership (40 USD full, 20 USD student, 100
        USD non-profit institutional, 200USD profit corporate) is
        required for each registered participant. The membership fee is
        valid for two years. The membership fees need to be transferred
        to GWA. The membership fee is necessary to maintain the
        association.

    -   Fees do not cover
        1.  accommodation
        2.  lunches, dinners

    -   Fee structure
        1.  approx. 200 EUROS maximum (including regular full GWA
            membership)
        2.  reduced fee for students and participants from countries
            with little funding

    -   Optional additional fee covers
        1.  banquet
        2.  excursion

    -   Costs to be borne by the local organizer:
        1.  meeting rooms and equipment rental
        2.  local support staff

    -   Sponsorship: the organizer is encouraged to find sponsors

    -   Invited speaker(s) from the international comunity, to be
        selected by the GWA Board and the local organizers. Number of
        speakers determined by the availability of financial support.
        Local organizers may additionally invite and sponsor one or more
        local speakers, in consultation with the GWA Board.
-   Financial responsibility:
    1.  The GWA cannot contribute financially or assume any financial
        responsibility
    2.  Financial responsibility rests entirely with the local organizer
    3.  Early registration to reduce any risk is encouraged
    4.  Enforce policy of inclusion of papers in proceedings after early
        registration of at least one author
-   Program committee
    1.  GWA Board
    2.  Chairs: Christiane Fellbaum and [Piek
        Vossen](mailto:piek.vossen@vu.nl)
    3.  Program Committee to be composed before issue of Call for Papers
