---
layout: post
author: admin
title: Call for Papers – deadline extension – 9th Global Wordnet Conference, Singapore January 2018
---

    Call for Papers, deadline extension!!!!
    New paper submission deadline is now September 20.

    9th Global Wordnet Conference, Singapore

    January 8-12, 2018

    Global Wordnet Association: www.globalwordnet.org

    Conference website: http://compling.hss.ntu.edu.sg/events/2018-gwc/

    The Global Wordnet Association is pleased to announce the 9th
    International Global Wordnet Conference (GWC2018). The conference
    will be hosted by Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
    Conference venue: the School of Humanities at Nanyang Technological
    University.

    Sub Events:
    - Shared Task on Sense Annotation 
    We invite participants to annotate translations of The Adventure of the Speckled Band (Doyle, 1892) 
    If you are interested in this task, please email Francis Bond <bond@ieee.org>
    - Workshop on Wordnets and Word-Embeddings (Jan 11, Thursday)
    - Workshop on Technology Enhanced Learning (Jan 12, Friday)

    Details about the association and the full announcement for the conference can be found on the conference website. 

    We invite papers addressing the topics listed, but not limited to, the ones below. Proposals for tutorials on building wordnets and demonstrations of wordnet databases, and wordnet-based software are welcome too.


          1. Linguistics and lexical semantics, including:

                 * In depth analysis of semantic relations

                 * Determining and representing word meanings (definitions, relations, semantic components, co-occurrence statistics, etc.)

                 * Necessity and completeness issues

                 * Ontologies and wordnets

                 * The lexicon and wordnets

                 * Distributional semantic approaches

                 * Cross-lingual representation of meaning

                 * Similarity and relatedness

          2. Architecture of lexical databases, including:

                 * Language independent and language dependent components
              
                 * Integration of multi-wordnets in research infrastructures (like CLARIN) and LT networks (like META-NET)

          3. Tools and Methods for wordnet Development, including:

                 * User and Data entry interface, organization

                 * Extending and enriching wordnets 

          4. Wordnet and applications including:

                 * Word sense disambiguation using wordnet

                 * Information extraction and retrieval

                 * Document structuring and categorization

                  * Sentiment Analysis

                 * Automatic hyperlinking

                 * Language teaching

          5. Standardization, distribution and availability of wordnets and wordnet tools. 


    In conjunction with the conference we intend to hold two workshops:
    one on distributional semantics and one on technology enhanced learning.


    Presentations will fall into one of the following categories:

       * long papers (30 mins)

       * short papers (15 mins)

       * project reports (10 mins)

       * demonstrations (20 mins) 

    Submissions should be anonymous and will have to state one of the preferred categories. Acceptance may be subject to changes in the category of the presentation, e.g. a long paper submission may be accepted as a short paper.

    In addition, we will reserve some time for lightning talks and discussions.

    Final papers should be submitted in electronic form (PDF only):

     * Long papers should be limited to 8 pages,
     * Demonstration papers must be at most 5 pages text and can have additional 3 pages screen dumps or images;
     * Short papers and project descriptions should be limited to 5 pages.

    Page limits do not include references.

    Papers need to be submitted to the EasyChair website:

    GWA 2018 Easy Chair site: https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=gwc2018

    The format of the paper is in ACL format (PDF):

    ACL 2010 paper formats: http://acl2010.org/authors_final.html

    The conference program will include oral presentations and demonstration sessions with sufficient time for discussions of the issues raised.

    The deadline for submissions is September 6, 2013. Decisions regarding acceptance will be announced to the authors by end of September. Final papers are due at October 11.

    Important note: Inclusion of accepted submissions into the final program and the proceedings is contingent upon at least one author's registration. Late registration and on site registration for participants is possible without inclusion of the paper and without presentation.

    Important dates:

      1. September 20 (extended), 2017 Deadline for paper submission

      2. October 15, 2017 Notification of acceptance

      3. October 29, 2017 Final version due

      4. October 29, 2017 Registration opens

      5. December 10, 2017 Registration closes for author(s) of papers to be included in the proceedings

      6. January 8-12, 2018 Conference 

    Conference Chairs:

    Christiane Fellbaum, fellbaum@princeton.edu 
    Piek Vossen, piek.Vossen@vu.nl 


    Local Organizing Chair:

     Francis Bond, Luís Morgado da Costa, Franti?ek Kratochvíl, Takayuki Kuribayashi

    Program committee

    Eneko   Agirre  University of the Basque Country
    Tim Baldwin The University of Melbourne
    Magnini Bernardo FBK-irst
    Francis Bond    Nanyang Technological University
    Sonja   Bosch   Department of African Languages, University of South Africa
    Key-Sun Choi    KAIST
    Dan Cristea Faculty of Computer Science Iasi
    Janos   Csirik  University of Szeged
    Gerard  de Melo Rutgers University
    Tomaž   Erjavec Dept. of Knowledge Technologies, Jožef Stefan Institute
    Christiane  Fellbaum    Princeton University
    Darja   Fiser   Faculty of Arts
    Corina  Forăscu Romanian Academy Institute for Research in Artificial Intelligence
    Antoni  Gonzales Universitat Oberta de Catalunya
    Isahara Hitoshi Toyohasi University of Technology
    Ales    Horak   Masaryk University
    Shu-Kai Hsieh   National Taiwan Normal University
    Diptesh Kanojia IIT Bombay
    Kyoko   Kanzaki Toyohasi University of Technology
    Kyoko   Kanzaki Toyohashi University of Technology
    John P. Mccrae  National University of Ireland, Galway
    Rada Mihalcea   University of North Texas / Oxford University
    Verginica   Mititelu    Romanian Academy Research Institute for Artificial Intelligence
    Haldur  Oim University of Tartu
    Heili   Orav    University of Tartu
    Adam    Pease   Articulate Software
    Ted Pedersen    University of Minnesota, Duluth
    Bolette Pedersen    Centre for Language Technology, Department of Nordic Research
    Maciej  Piasecki    Institute of Informatics, Wroclaw University of Technology
    Marten  Postma  VU University Amsterdam.
    Alexandre   Rademaker   IBM Research Brazil and EMAp/FGV
    German  Rigau   IXA Group, UPV/EHU
    Ewa Rudnicka    Wrocław University of Technology
    Kevin   Scannell    Saint Louis University
    Roxane  Segers  VU University Amsterdam
    Emiel   van Miltenburg  Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
    Kadri   Vider   University of Tartu
    Piek    Vossen  VU University Amsterdam.
    Shan    Wang    The Education University of Hong Kong

