---
layout: post
author: admin
title: "Extension deadline Call for Papers GWC2021 (online only): October 16, 2020"
---

## Deadline extension ONLINE GWC2021: October 16th 2020

11th International Global Wordnet Conference: ***COMPLETELY
ONLINE*[![](http://globalwordnet.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/GWC2021-1024x390.png)](http://globalwordnet.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/GWC2021.png)**

18-21 January 2021

Global Wordnet Association:
[www.globalwordnet.org](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalwordnet.org%2F%3Ffbclid%3DIwAR0ep1wqquaYv9qf-HX6-jfd6U6hMDWoOMZLSiXYs7wT1Of2ui-AwwCPf7E&h=AT1XWwHMBQd9cQbHY438f1EweF_oAHlQymnMIAJ2NSJAyw7qO2e7ixDkdVkmXSEwzOc-zOnGplm0jy8W76ceyczAzRYa_LYRN7XqD3eDyOjwCjHeYtKtCIBKTKQOwqZuOUzgxoU&__tn__=-UK-R&c%5B0%5D=AT1oJ4PqNkOEMNVd7eAlB9p2Dx7TBQt9azkHNLhzTKqrb3x5eNFvkwX9qTCtamoqjY7_iyb8GB0QD6g9uhWvscR7Fa6BkLHVXVubG99kWw21xy3bgFUg0TCur2v8OpQGURFYdBLzmfS6c7wooIFOPULs-V8h-okLsJZfeU3tK0FZzMRRWl1aCOX2V4E)

Conference website:
[https://www.globalwordnet.co.za/](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalwordnet.co.za%2F%3Ffbclid%3DIwAR0-tAbGrp_DQN4FoLJU8ToF49uXNkcQJj0JZG5ud5ckf_y2E7agnBhoXWY&h=AT0Y4a8VvVFylJ69ZYaHoUc6E79uPxLbXqd8WPZtIKKlQRQsvHtt6kB04tj8IwpBNqgAEpV6u-MuuNJM34LkGAraO2q_GYYYzSkTzbAnERRRvGN-uJwbnYJJ2bVa2exmuRe62pU&__tn__=-UK-R&c%5B0%5D=AT1oJ4PqNkOEMNVd7eAlB9p2Dx7TBQt9azkHNLhzTKqrb3x5eNFvkwX9qTCtamoqjY7_iyb8GB0QD6g9uhWvscR7Fa6BkLHVXVubG99kWw21xy3bgFUg0TCur2v8OpQGURFYdBLzmfS6c7wooIFOPULs-V8h-okLsJZfeU3tK0FZzMRRWl1aCOX2V4E)

 

**The deadline for submitting papers to the 11th Global Wordnet
Conference (GWC2021) has been extended with a month to October 16th
2020.**

 

The 11th International Global Wordnet Conference (GWC2021) will be held
from 18 to 21 January as an online event due to COVID-19. The conference
will be organized by the South African Centre for Digital Language
Resources (SADiLaR) and GWA.

 

**COVID19 Pandemic**

A combination of the approaches successfully implemented by RAIL2020 and
LREC2020 will be used as roadmap for the online event – authors will be
asked to prerecord their presentations which will be streamed during a
live virtual event with opportunity for questions and discussions after
each presentation; proceedings will also be published and a reduced
registration fee will be applicable.

 

**Conference Topics**

Contributions are invited on all aspects of wordnets, including but not
limited to:

 

1\. Lexical semantics and meaning representation

· Critical analysis and applications of lexical and semantic relations

· Proposed new relations

· Definitions, semantic components, co-occurrence and frequency
statistics

· Word and Sense Embeddings

· Necessity and completeness issues

· Ontology and wordnet

· Other lexicographical and lexicological questions pertaining to
wordnet-style meaning representation

· Wordnets and Linked Open Data (LOD)

2\. Architecture of lexical databases

· Language independent and language dependent components

· Integration of multi-wordnets in research infrastructures (like
CLARIN) and LT networks (like META-NET)

3\. Tools and Methods for wordnet development

· User and Data entry interfaces

· Methods for constructing, extending and enriching wordnets

4\. Applications of wordnet

· Word sense disambiguation

· Machine translation

· Information extraction and retrieval

· Document structuring and categorisation

· Automatic hyperlinking

· Language pedagogy

· Psycholinguistic applications

5\. Standardization, distribution and availability of wordnets and
wordnet tools.

 

**Submission Guidelines**

Submissions will fall into one of the following categories (page limits
exclude references):

· long papers: 8 pages max, 30 minutes presentation

· short papers: 5 pages max; 15 minutes presentation

· project reports: 5 pages max., 10 minutes presentation

· demonstrations: 5 pages max, with an additional 3 pages screen dumps
or images; 20 minutes presentation

· work in progress: 5 pages max., poster presentation

Submissions should be anonymous and any identifying information must be
removed. Authors must state the preferred category, though acceptance
may be subject to change in the category of the presentation, e.g. a
long paper submission may be accepted as a short paper.

Final papers should be submitted in electronic form (PDF only).

Papers must be submitted to the EasyChair website:
[https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=gwc2021](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Feasychair.org%2Fconferences%2F%3Fconf%3Dgwc2021%26fbclid%3DIwAR303R0I2ApJkeIz1KXkeH5giS4lbZi3eJfvVeunFw5msqtghCTCHS4e_WA&h=AT1ZprSHy5uk5N0Ve2-x6gVXsf4GixeBEZa9t7L_9EVnT8D-_AW8yFrZBEDPiPb_rbIWu91b-lnRhTgN6zRVmb2w7PbPv44uQiLQ2vos3M7j-UNdRAzhEbc7IH_EbRQ0BV7f3JU&__tn__=-UK-R&c%5B0%5D=AT1oJ4PqNkOEMNVd7eAlB9p2Dx7TBQt9azkHNLhzTKqrb3x5eNFvkwX9qTCtamoqjY7_iyb8GB0QD6g9uhWvscR7Fa6BkLHVXVubG99kWw21xy3bgFUg0TCur2v8OpQGURFYdBLzmfS6c7wooIFOPULs-V8h-okLsJZfeU3tK0FZzMRRWl1aCOX2V4E)

The format of the paper is in ACL format (PDF).

 

**Important Dates**

· 16th October 2020: Deadline for paper submission

· 23 October 2020: Notification of acceptance

· 20 October 2020: Registration opens

· 18 December 2020: Deadline for author registration, final paper due

· 18-21 January 2021: Online Conference

 

**Proceedings**

Conference proceedings will be open access and downloadable from the GWA
website. The proceedings will have an ISBN and be published in the ACL
anthology.

Papers are only included in the proceedings if at least one author has
registered by 20 November 2020.

Inclusion of accepted submissions into the final program and the
proceedings is contingent upon at least one author’s registration. Late
registration and on-site registration for participants is possible
without inclusion of the paper and without presentation.

 

**Conference Chairs**

Christiane Fellbaum, fellbaum@princeton.edu

Piek Vossen, piek.vossen@vu.nl

 

**Local Organising Committee**

Sonja Bosch – University of South Africa (UNISA)

Mampaka Lydia Mojapelo – University of South Africa (UNISA)

Marissa Griesel – University of South Africa (UNISA) (contact person:
griesm@unisa.ac.za)

Elsabé Taljard – University of Pretoria (UP)

Juan Steyn – SADiLaR

Liané van den Berg – SADiLaR

 

**Program Committee**

Eneko Agirre University of the Basque Country

Sina Ahmadi Insight Centre for Data Analytics

Timothy Baldwin The University of Melbourne

Francis Bond Nanyang Technological University

Sonja Bosch Department of African Languages, University of South Africa

Paul Buitelaar Insight Centre for Data Analytics, National University of
Ireland Galway

Bharathi Raja Chakravarthi Insight Centre for Data Analytics, National
University of Ireland, Galway

Janos Csirik University of Szeged

Gerard de Melo Rutgers University

Valeria de Paiva Samsung Research America and University of Birmingham

Thierry Declerck DFKI GmbH

Bento C. Dias-Da-Silva UNESP

Umamaheswari E Research Fellow NTU Singapore

Christiane Fellbaum Princeton University

Leonel Figueiredo de Alencar UNIVERSIDADE FEDERAL DO CEARÁ

Hugo Gonçalo Oliveira University of Coimbra

Ales Horak Masaryk University, Faculty of Informatics

Shu-Kai Hsieh National Taiwan Normal University

Filip Ilievski Information Sciences Institute, University of Southern
California

Diptesh Kanojia IIT Bombay

Kyoko Kanzaki Toyohashi University of Technology

Shikhar Kr. Sarma Gauhati University

David Lindemann UPV-EHU University of the Basque Country

Ahti Lohk Tallinn University of Technology

John P. McCrae National University of Ireland, Galway

Verginica Mititelu Romanian Academy Research Institute for Artificial
Intelligence

Luis Morgado Da Costa Nanyang Technological University

Sanni Nimb Det Danske Sprog- og Litteraturselskab (DSL)

Sussi Olsen University of Copenhagen, Centre for Language Technology

Heili Orav University of Tartu

Bolette Pedersen University of Copenhagen

Maciej Piasecki Department of Computational Intelligence, Wroclaw
University of Science and Technology

Marten Postma Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam

Alexandre Rademaker IBM Research Brazil and EMAp/FGV

German Rigau IXA Group, UPV/EHU

Ewa Rudnicka Wrocław University of Technology

Kevin Scannell Saint Louis University

Pia Sommerauer Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam

Kadri Vider University of Tartu

Piek Vossen Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam

Shan Wang University of Macau

