---
layout: post
author: admin
title: 2 CfP Multimodal Wordnets Workshop @ LREC 2020
---

### Multimodal wordnets workshop @ LREC 2020

Date: 11th May, 2020

Venue: Palais du Pharo, Marseille, France; LREC 2020

Website:
[http://hitz.eus/multimodalwordnets2020/](http://hitz.eus/multimodalwordnets2020/)

Submission Deadline: February 14, 2020 February 24, 2020

Submission page:
[https://www.softconf.com/lrec2020/MMW2020/](https://www.softconf.com/lrec2020/MMW2020/)

Hashtag: #mmwn20

Nowadays, data can be found in many different formats and multimodal
approaches are gaining attention in many natural language processing
tasks such as text generation, machine translation or sentiment
analysis. Indeed, many research areas are moving  from a single modality
to full-fledged multimodality research, e.g. multimodal corpora,
multimodal lexicons, etc. For instance, efforts are being made to
integrate images, sign languages, sounds, etc. into existing wordnets.
As the exchange of information among modalities can be crucial for
lexical databases, we want to address this interdisciplinary research
area in the first Workshop on “Multimodal wordnets”, co-located with
LREC 2020.

The workshop is organized by the [Global WordNet
Association](http://globalwordnet.org) (GWA). GWA  is a free, public and
non-commercial organization that provides a platform for discussing,
sharing and connecting wordnets for all languages in the world.  The GWA
has created in 2019 a Working Group dedicated to multimodal wordnets in
order to extend the development and use of wordnets to other modalities
than just text: some well known examples of multimodal approaches and
wordnets are ImageNet, an image database structured according to WordNet
hierarchy and ASLNet, A Wordnet for American Sign Language, and the
Suggested Upper Merged Ontology (SUMO). 

### Topics of Interest

The workshop aims at studying the interaction and cross-fertilization
between wordnets and existing multimodal resources. We invite
submissions with original contributions addressing, but not limited to,
the topics listed below.

-   What are the benefits/drawbacks of multimodal wordnets?  How can
    wordnets help in the transmission and characterization of multimedia
    information?

-   To what extent is it possible to create wordnets in other
    modalities?

-   Which new multimodal initiatives and projects are being carried out
    involving distinct modalities (written, spoken, audio-visual, signs,
    pictograms, emojis, geographical and spatio-temporal data…)  and
    knowledge representations (wordnets, lexicons, ontologies,
    terminologies, dictionaries, corpora, wikipedias, distributional
    representations, cultural artifacts, books…)? 

-   What are (can be) the practical applications of multimodal wordnets?
    How to exploit existing multimodal wordnets, such as Visual Genome,
    ConceptNet, ImageNet, Imagact, etc.? Sense disambiguation on
    corpora, images, space role labeling, multimodal knowledge
    acquisition, commonsense reasoning and inference, distributed
    concept representation, integration of distributional (corpus-based)
    and knowledge-based embeddings … 

-   Which approaches are being developed to create these multimodal
    resources?  How can they be best represented? 

-   How to automatically map existing resources? How can we deal with
    similarity and relatedness across modality? How can we deal with
    specificity? Image, sound, smell, touch, video are all infinitely
    specific but words are not.

-   What is the added value of wordnet hierarchies to other modalities?
    Which is the role of the multimodal wordnets? Which is the expected
    format of the resources? Which standards to adopt or to develop?

-   How can we feed and feed back the algorithms with multimodal
    wordnets?

-   Which ethical policies should be followed? (see for instance,
    [https://www.excavating.ai/](https://www.excavating.ai/))

### Important Dates

-   Submission deadline: February 24, 2020

-   Notification of acceptance: March 20, 2020

-   Deadline for camera-ready versions: April 2, 2020 

-   Workshop day: May 11, 2020

### Submission details

Submissions will fall into one of the following categories (page limits
exclude references):

-   Long papers: 8 pages max; 30 minutes presentation

-   Short papers: 5 pages max; 15 minutes presentation

-   Poster presentations

Papers must be compliant with the stylesheet adopted for the main
conference Proceedings:
[https://lrec2020.lrec-conf.org/en/submission2020/authors-kit/](https://lrec2020.lrec-conf.org/en/submission2020/authors-kit/)

 

Follow this link
([https://www.softconf.com/lrec2020/MMW2020/](https://www.softconf.com/lrec2020/MMW2020/))
in START Conference Manager to submit your paper. 

### Identify, Describe and Share your LRs!

 

Describing your LRs in the LRE Map is now a normal practice in the
submission procedure of LREC (introduced in 2010 and adopted by other
conferences). To continue the efforts initiated at LREC 2014 about
“Sharing LRs” (data, tools, web-services, etc.), authors will have the
possibility,  when submitting a paper, to upload LRs in a special LREC
repository. This effort of sharing LRs, linked to the LRE Map for their
description, may become a new “regular” feature for conferences in our
field, thus contributing to creating a common repository where everyone
can deposit and share data.

As scientific work requires accurate citations of referenced work so as
to allow the community to understand the whole context and also
replicate the experiments conducted by other researchers, LREC 2020
endorses the need to uniquely Identify LRs through the use of the
International Standard Language Resource Number (ISLRN,
[www.islrn.org](http://www.islrn.org/)), a Persistent Unique Identifier
to be assigned to each Language Resource. The assignment of ISLRNs to
LRs cited in LREC papers  will be offered at submission time.

Organizing Committee

-   Itziar Gonzalez-Dios, University of the Basque Country UPV/EHU

-   Francis Bond, Nanyang Technological University

-   Thierry Declerk, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence,
    Saarbrücken

-   Christiane Fellbaum, Princeton University

-   Alexandre Rademaker,  IBM Research Brazil and EMAp/FGV

-   German Rigau, University of the Basque Country UPV/EHU

-   Piek Vossen, VU University Amsterdam

 

Programme Committee (in alphabetical order)

 

-   Manex Agirrezabal, University of Copenhagen

-   Izaskun Aldezabal, University of the Basque Country UPV/EHU 

-   Jan Alexandersson, DFKI Saarbrücken, Germany

-   Gorka Azkune, University of the Basque Country UPV/EHU

-   Sonja Bosch, Department of African Languages, University of South
    Africa

-   Federico Boschetti, ILC-CNR, Italy

-   Luis Chiruzzo, Universidad de la República de Uruguay

-   Francesca Frontini, Université Paul Valéry, Montpellier, France 

-   Xavier Gómez Guinovart, Universidade de Vigo

-   Fahad Khan, ILC-CNR, Italy

-   Maria Koutsombogera, Trinity College Dublin

-   Robert Krovetz, Lexical Research

-   Claudia Loreto Martínez Araneda, Universidad Católica de la
    Santísima, Chile

-   John P. McCrae, National University of Ireland

-   Gerard de Melo, Rutgers University

-   Verginica Mititelu, Romanian Academy Research Institute for
    Artificial Intelligence 

-   Terhi Nurmikko-Fuller, Australian National University

-   Ahti Lohk, Tallinn University of Technology 

-   Petya Osenova, Sofia University

-   Patrizia Paggio, Copenhagen University

-   Bolette Pedersen, University of Copenhagen

-   Maciej Piasecki, Wrocław University of Technology

-   Eli Pociello, Elhuyar Fundazioa

-   Ronald Poppe, Utrecht University

-   Andrea Amelio Ravelli, University of Florence

-   Paolo Rosso, Universitat Politècnica de València

-   Kevin Scannell, Saint Louis University

-   Chantal van Son, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam

-   Aitor Soroa, University of the Basque Country UPV/EHU

 

CONTACT

 

Itziar.gonzalezd\[at\]ehu\[dot\]eus 

