---
layout: post
author: admin
title: Programme online of GWC2021 (Jan. 18-21, 2021)
---

[![](http://globalwordnet.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/Schermafbeelding-2021-01-13-om-14.42.44-300x104.png)](http://globalwordnet.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/Schermafbeelding-2021-01-13-om-14.42.44.png)The
[Global Wordnet Association](http://globalwordnet.org) is pleased to
announce that the 11th International Global Wordnet Conference
([GWC2021](https://www.globalwordnet.co.za)) will be held from 18 to 21
January 2021.

Due to the international Covid-19 pandemic the conference will this year
be held virtually. The conference will be hosted by the South African
Centre for Digital Language Resources
([SADiLaR](https://www.sadilar.org/index.php/en/)).  

**Conference Programme **

The conference programme can be found at
[https://www.globalwordnet.co.za/programme/](https://www.globalwordnet.co.za/programme/)

Note that all times are given in UTC+0. You can use this handy
conversion website to check the time locally:
[https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html)

We have tried our best to make this conference accessible to as many
participants in as many time zones as possible, but we do realise that
accommodating all is impossible. All presentations will be made
available so that you can view them at a time more convenient for you.
Please keep an eye on the website for news on the availability of the
recordings.

**Registration is still open**

This conference has no registration fee and we encourage members of the
community to join as few or as many presentations as they would like to
– even if it is just one (but we hope you stay for more!).

We do however ask that all interested parties register so that we can
avoid unnecessary interruptions from unwelcome guests. Registration will
remain open for the duration of the conference but connection details
will only be sent to newly registered participants once per day. **So
please register to invite the zoom-link.**

You can invite your networks to register here:
[https://www.globalwordnet.co.za/registration/](https://www.globalwordnet.co.za/registration/)

> #### *We look forward to a lively conference with stimulating conversation, even if we cannot meet in South Africa.*
>
> #### *“See” you on Monday for the start of the 11th Global Wordnet Conference 2021. Time: January 18, 2021 12:30 PM GMT*

