---
layout: post
author: admin
title: 1st Call for Papers GWC2023 (Jan. 23-27, 2023) – San Sebastian, Basque Country
---

**1st Call for Papers**

**12th International Global Wordnet Conference**

**Donostia / San Sebastian, Basque Country**

**January 23-27, 2023**

Global Wordnet Association:
[www.globalwordnet.org](http://www.globalwordnet.org)  
Conference website: [https://hitz.eus/gwc2023](https://hitz.eus/gwc2023)

The Global Wordnet Association is pleased to announce the 12th
International Global Wordnet Conference (GWC2023) in Donostia / San
Sebastian (Spain) hosted by HiTZ, Basque Center for Language Technology
at the University of the Basque Country.

NOTE: COVID-19 allowing, the conference will be in person only.

Organisers: Begoña Altuna, Itziar Aldabe, Xabier Arregi, Itziar
Gonzalez-Dios, Aritz Farwell and  Esther Miranda.

Details about the Association and the full announcement for the
conference can be found on the conference website:
https://hitz.eus/gwc2023

We invite submissions with original contributions addressing, but not
limited to, the topics listed below. Proposals for tutorials are welcome
as well.

**Conference Topics**

Lexical semantics and meaning representation  
\* Critical analysis and applications of lexical and semantic
relations  
\* Proposed new relations  
\* Definitions, semantic components, co-occurrence and frequency
statistics  
\* Word, Sense and Context Embeddings  
\* Necessity and completeness issues  
\* Ontology and wordnet  
\* Other lexicographical and lexicological questions pertaining to
wordnet-style meaning representation  
\* Wordnets and other modalities

Architecture of lexical databases  
\* Language independent and language dependent components  
\* Integration of multi-wordnets in research infrastructures (like
CLARIN, ELG, etc.)  
\* Wordnets and Linked Open Data (LOD)

Tools and methods for wordnet development  
\* User and Data entry interfaces  
\* Methods for constructing, extending and enriching wordnets  
\* Methods for linking wordnets to other lexical and semantic
resources  
\* Methods for leveraging existing wordnets and semantic networks with
large language models

Applications of wordnet  
\* Word sense disambiguation  
\* Text generation  
\* Commonsense reasoning  
\* Machine translation  
\* Information extraction and retrieval  
\* Document structuring and categorisation  
\* Automatic hyperlinking  
\* Language pedagogy  
\* Psycholinguistic applications  
\* Embeddings and pretrained language models  
\* Probing large neural language models

Standardization, distribution and availability of wordnets and wordnet
tools.

**Submissions**

Submissions will fall into one of the following categories (page limits
exclude references):  
\* long papers: 8 pages max, 30 minutes presentation  
\* short papers: 5 pages max; 15 minutes presentation  
\* project reports: 5 pages max., 10 minutes presentation  
\* demonstrations : 5 pages max, with an additional 3 pages screen dumps
or images; 20 minutes presentation

Submissions should be anonymous and any identifying information must be
removed. Authors must state the preferred category, though acceptance
may be subject to change in the category of the presentation, e.g. a
long paper submission may be accepted as a short paper.

Final papers should be submitted in electronic form (PDF only).

Paper submission site will be online soon.

Paper submissions must use the official ACL style templates, which are
available from here (Latex and Word). Please follow the paper formatting
guidelines general to “\*ACL” conferences available here. Authors may
not modify these style files or use templates designed for other
conferences.

**Important Dates**

September 30, 2022 Deadline for paper submission  
November 18, 2022 Notification of acceptance  
December 1, 2022 Registration opens  
December 23, 2022 Deadline author registration, final version paper  
January 23-27, 2023 Conference

**Proceedings**  
Conference proceedings will be open access and downloadable from the GWA
website. The proceedings will have an ISBN and be published in the ACL
anthology.  
Papers are only included in the proceedings if at least one author has
registered.  
Inclusion of accepted submissions into the final program and the
proceedings is contingent upon at least one author’s registration. Late
registration and on-site registration for participants is possible
without inclusion of the paper and without presentation.

**Conference Chairs**  
German Rigau – german.rigau@ehu.eus  
Francis Bond – bond@ieee.org

**Local Organizing Chairs**  
Begoña Altuna – begona.altuna@ehu.eus  
Itziar Aldabe – itziar.aldabe@ehu.eus  
Xabier Arregi – xabier.arregi@ehu.eus  
Itziar Gonzalez-Dios – itziar.gonzalezd@ehu.eus  
Aritz Farwell – asfarwell@ehu.eus  
Esther Miranda – esther.miranda@ehu.eus

**Program Committee (to be confirmed and extended)**  
Adam Pease, Articulate Software  
Ales Horak, Masaryk University  
Alexandre Rademaker, IBM Research Brazil and EMAp/FGV  
Bolette Pedersen, University of Copenhagen  
Christiane Fellbaum, Princeton University  
Darja Fiser, University of Ljubljana  
David Lindemann, IWiSt, University of Hildesheim  
Diptesh Kanojia, IIT Bombay  
Eneko Agirre, University of the Basque Country  
Ewa Rudnicka, Wrocław University of Technology  
Francis Bond, Palacký University  
Gerard De Melo, Rutgers University  
German Rigau, IXA Group, UPV/EHU  
Haldur Oim, University of Tartu  
Heili Orav, University of Tartu  
Hugo Gonçalo-Oliveira,  Department of Informatics Engineering of the
University of Coimbra  
Janos Csirik, University of Szeged  
John Mccrae, National University of Ireland, Galway  
Kadri Vider, University of Tartu  
Kevin Scannell, Saint Louis University  
Kyoko Kanzaki, Otemon Gakuin University  
Maciej Piasecki, Department of Computational Intelligence, Wroclaw
University  
Marten Postma, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam  
Paul Buitelaar, National University of Ireland, Galway  
Piek Vossen, VU University Amsterdam.  
Sanni Nimb, The Danish Society for Language and Literature  
Shan Wang, The Education University of Hong Kong  
Shu-Kai Hsieh, National Taiwan Normal University  
Sonja Bosch, Department of African Languages, University of South
Africa  
Thierry Declerck, DFKI, Saarbruecken  
Tim Baldwin, The University of Melbourne  
Tomaž Erjavec, Dept. of Knowledge Technologies, Jožef Stefan Institute  
Umamaheswari Vasanthakumar, Nanyang Technological University  
Valeria Depaiva, Natural Language and AI Research Laboratory of Nuance
Communications, Inc.  
Verginica Mititelu, Romanian Academy Research Institute for Artificial
Intelligence        

