---
layout: post
author: Chiara Zanchi
title: "Call: Global WordNet Conference 2025"
---

Call Deadline: 07-Oct-2024

Meeting Description:

The Global Wordnet Association is delighted to announce the 13th
International Global Wordnet Conference (GWC2025), to be held in Pavia
(Italy) from 27 to 31 January, 2025. The GWC2025 conference will be
hosted by the Department of Humanities, at the University of Pavia.

We invite submissions of original research contributions addressing,
though not limited to, the topics listed below. Presentations of new
WordNets will be assigned to a dedicated panel. Additionally,
proposals for tutorials and demonstrations or panel discussions on
Wordnet for ancient languages are encouraged.

Conference topics:
Lexical semantics and meaning representation; Architecture of lexical
databases; Tools and methods for WordNet development, Applications of
WordNet, Standardization, distribution and availability of WordNet and
WordNet tools

Submissions should fall into one of the following categories (page
limits exclude references):
* Long papers: 8 pages max, 30 minute presentation
* Short papers: 5 pages max, 15 minute presentation
* Project reports: 5 pages max, 10 minute presentation
* Demonstrations: 5 pages max, with up to 3 additional pages for
screenshots or images, 20 minute presentation

Submissions must be anonymized, and any identifying information must
be removed.

To enhance replicability and transparency, authors are encouraged to
share the data and code used in their research, whenever possible in
an anonymized form. We recommend exploring data repositories that
support anonymization techniques and open-source code hosting
platforms like GitHub.

See the full Call for Papers here:
https://easychair.org/cfp/content.cgi?a=33026655
